hi everyone this week there's an ascot
races and I thought I should just do a
quick video and what to wear to the
races now I think video i'll post a note
on what the ass cops say they dmoz the
proper way to dress but i think you
should put your own your fashionable
twist on it and this asian have your
shoulders covered and a full hat are no
facts a later so in this video about my
max speed mark be clutch I've got my
clerk I eschews a monochrome dress so
we've got stripes across give you the
illusion of hips and stripes going down
to view here in Oakland and I bought the
same hat I'm wearing one her throughout
the whole video of like the look
you
yes this one was made about Australia
this is my second book this is actually
the dress I'm water asked about two
years ago i bought it in a small
boutique in liverpool but i think the
shop since closed and i'm wearing it
with the same shoes from kurt geiger the
scaling hatch i'm the same up peace
clutch
you
hi everyone this is my last look for
this blog somewhere in the same shoes
from kurt geiger the same clad to the
same head and this time i'm wearing a
bright pink dress from joseph hope you
like the look
I
you